so on my mortgage fraud case I get sent
a j on mortgage fraud it's two I leave
the English Defense League and this is
factual yeah no one can deny this I get
taken into a prison cell I'm sat in
prison I'm in Winchester prison I've
been I've been violently battered I lost
my teeth in Woodhill so I'm sitting in
Winchester I then get a legal meeting I
go to my legal meeting and I go sit and
this is all do I sit down in my legal
meeting and two young men come in and
they're younger than me and then then
you you wouldn't think they're police
officers and they said no one knows
we're in here visiting you no one only
the head Governor yeah so when you go
back to the wing of prisoners you can
say whatever you want as to who's come
to see you here I said okay they said
why aren we're from the Metropolitan
intelligence Bureau MIB what's the MIB
it's a secretive unit within Scotland
Yard okay if you the reasons you've get
for leading the English Defense League
if you're true and you want to help your
country which is what you've said and
you oppos these far-right ideologies we
we're asking you when you leave prison
will you work for us I said what do you
mean work you I said just left hand not
know what right hand's doing you've just
absolutely tried to destroy my life for
so long so I refuse and they say where
do you and and and i' I've give the
recording to this where do you see
yourself in five years time and at this
time in my life I I had had enough about
talking about Islam I've been battled in
jail I've lost everything I've been to
jail but I was in prison but I'd i'
managed to hold on to the seven
properties my wife had that my wife and
me had so I said when I get out of jail
they said what's your plans I said well
I'm going to say sell my properties and
I go back into building they said where
will you be in 5 years time I said I'll
be a multi-millionaire I'll be a
successful young man and a
multi-millionaire they said okay well
we're asking you again will you will you
agree to work with us will you
contemplate I said not a chance I'm no
one's slave yeah I'm not working I'm not
a grass I'm not working for anyone I
leave prison yeah so I come out of
prison I'm driving and and and again I
put the recordings anyone who you might
be able to find this speech yeah because
they try and hide them all it's called
Tommy Robinson um York free speech and I
put the recordings in here so I'm
driving in my car and I'm on the
motorway boom police come from
everywhere I'm shut down I'm arrested
for burglary yeah I'm taking in and I'm
questioning about a burglar in my head's
thinking what is this all about yeah
what is this all about I get released
the next day bearing in mind I've got
nine months of prison license left to do
so I get released I go home I get in and
my wife says Winchester prison's been on
the phone I say wi which is where I've
just been released from which is where
they made an approach to me in
Winchester prison so she gives me a
phone number it's O2 well o27 is London
it's not Winchester I said why are they
been on the phone she said you've left
property there I said okay so I ring the
number he says Tommy it's olle olle from
the MIB I come and saw you in jail I
said okay I said well you're in a
predicament now aren't you I said how am
I in a predicament they said what's it
going to look like if the media get you
on a on a burglary charge I said I
haven't burgled anywhere I'm not in a
predicament I haven't left the motorway
yeah they said okay well if you get
charged when you answer bail in four
weeks time you're on licensed recall for
9 months now for me prison's death
possibly because jihadist control the
prison so I sat there and I swear to God
I cried my I come off the phone they
said all you have to do is agree to have
a meeting with us I said I'm never have
I'm never having a meeting with you yeah
I hung up the phone I cried my eyes out
I said what am I meant to do here what
am I meant to do and if you look at
every single terrorist that's gone on to
commit acts of jihad in our country
they've all had prior involvement with
our security services the MIB are the
security services now they tried to
approach me what happens then is I'm out
of jail
I didn't get a letter after refusing I
get a letter from my lawyer saying
they've they've launched confiscation
orders against me and they want 125,000
off me now the £125,000 comes from the
house that was sold by my brother-in-law
well he bought it for 80 and sells it
for 120 or
125 they want me to pay the entirety of
the money even though 880,000 or 60,000
was a morgage they want me to have to
pay it back even though it had nothing
to do with me so I get a letter I then
get a court date to go to court I then
get contacted again Tommy you will never
have to pay this money come and have a
meeting with us this is blackmail by the
security services at this time and I
urge any of you to go watch this I sit
down with the lead officer from
counterterrorism my preparation officer
for being released from prison was
counterterrorism why apparently I was in
prison for mortgage Ford what's that
going to do with counterterrorism when I
got released from prison all my
conditions were not to contact the
English Defense League and not to talk
about Islam well how is this what's this
got to do with the mortgage for I'm
supposedly in jail with so I then sit
down with the lead officer of counter
terrorism I said you know what I'm I've
got I've got a date to talk at Oxford
University I'm blowing the lid on this
yeah this is blackmail by the security
services to get blackmail in me in
position to work for them I'm blowing
the lid two days before I'm due to talk
Oxford University boom I'm I'm a
licensed recalls I'm put back in prison
for 28 days on a recall and they used
the fact that someone threatened to rap
my mom I went online and posted saying
well you don't need to look for me
because that's what the Fret said and it
was on Twitter I'll be here tomorrow on
a give where I'd be if you want to come
and find me they use that to license
recall me I spend 28 days in custody I
come out of jail I sit down with my
probation officer again I'm pretty
stubborn if anyone hasn't noticed I
refuse to back down so I said I'm I've
arranged to talk o University you're not
going to stop what I'm doing here yeah
watch my speech at Oxford University do
you know how it starts if you watch it
from 2015 the speech she sits down they
come back to me and they give me a list
of things I'm not allowed to talk about
or I'll end up in jail Islam the police
Security Services yeah so I'm I said so
I don't have free speech now if you
watch my speech from 2015 in Oxford
University what I say is the speech I
wanted to give you I'm not allowed to
give you I've been threatened with
prison if I come and tell you my whole
speech was going to be about the British
police state and how they operate and
I'm now not allowed to do that so the
security services have been looking
since 2015 saying well how do we deal
with this guy yeah CU he he I I sold my
house you know I paid them £125,000 I I
paid them I had to sell everything and
give them £125,000 or be in their pocket
forever and I refused to be in their
pocket so when we talk about the
different cases that's my mortgage
thought the passport case it wasn't
actually an Irish passport I went to
America to your American audience I
apologize for disregarding your laws but
in
2011 or 12 I come to the United States I
landed in 2011 I was attained at JFK
airport and I was told on no un certain
terms I'm getting to reported back I got
sent back because the British had
requested me not to be allowed in the
next year I decided to come I used my
friend's passport that's where I used my
friend's passport I got entry into
America and I gave a speech after a New
York state senator and I recently dug up
that speech and in that speech I say I
wish someone had come to my hometown 30
years ago and warned us of what was
going to happen well I'm here to warn
you because i' I'm not talking about
what I've read I'm talking about what
I've seen and lived through open Bard
Mass immigration and what's going to
happen to the United States of America I
give a speech I land back in the UK I
was reminded I spent 22 weeks on
solitary confinement for that crime 22
weeks on so confinement so that's the
passport case was it wrong for me to
enter America um illegally yes it was
did I come with a very important message
for the United States of America a
massive message that if they to listen
to it in 2011 they might be in a better
place to protect the United States of
America now as I said I can go through
every one of these instances no one can
deute no one can refute these there's no
evidence to refute what I'm saying in
fact I played the recordings in my York
speech of the police interviewing me on
burglary now many people I can have
every allegation you want against me
everyone knows I'm not a house burglar
yeah but they use that to get me in a
position I don't doubt that they're
blackmailing Muslims day in day out the
security services to act and work in a
certain way I have no doubt ever the
dark powers that play in the British
State and that's what I've spoke openly
against so when I say why they don't
know how to deal with me simply they
don't know what to do and that's why I
think now I face two years in prison
again Men Are You Looking For Freedom
are there things in your life that are
holding you back from being the man that
you're called to be if you're looking to
build a life plan that is ordered
towards prayer and discipline alongside
other like-minded men then you need to
check out Exodus 90 app The Exodus 90
app offers a daily companion to help you
grow closer to God and to become the man
you want to be the man you need to be on
the app you can join thousands of men
for St Michael lent which starts August
15th and leads up to the Feast of St
Michael the Archangel on September 29th
St Michael's lent is an ancient
tradition of prayer and fasting
popularized by St Francis in the Middle
Ages that's been lost in our time let's
bring it back join the men of Exodus 90
and father Carlos Martins Catholic
priest and host of The Exorcist files
who will serve as our spiritual guide
for St Michael's lent this year on The
Exodus 90 app we will awaken to
Invisible realities and enter into the
spiritual battle that rages around us
all the time go to Exodus 90.com jbp for
a 14-day free trial of The Exodus 90 app
and learn more about St Michaels lent
that's Exodus 90.com jbp to join us for
St Michaels lent starting August
15th tell tell tell me about that like
so you're out of the country I don't I
don't want to ask you where you are
although maybe you want to Enlighten
people as to your your whereabouts what
is your legal situation at the moment in
the UK and and what are your plans and
then Tam if you have any other questions
maybe you can follow up after that so
where are you what's your legal
situation what are your plans at the
moment I'm in
Russia no I'm only joking I'm only I'm
only joking have that as headline sh I'm
not in Russia my my plans everyone's
telling me to run and everyone's telling
me not to come home I'm coming home I'm
not running I I don't believe I'm on
trial I believe the British Judiciary is
on trial the problem that they have is
44 million people of watch that film
that means there's 44 million people
including influential people across the
world that know that I told the truth if
they wish to lock me up for that lock me
up they will lock me up we've seen what
they're doing with the current state of
things will I be in danger yes I will um
am I worried yeah totally totally
worried um worried for me worried for my
family I'm I'm I'm I'm in court on the
28th and 29th of October so I currently
don't have to be in the UK I'm again
something I haven't talked about in the
last seven days they've knocked all my
the police have gone to my family's
addresses including my mother and
father's and told them their lives are
in danger so I I've I've had a hell of a
lot to deal with do you know what it's
like sitting somewhere knowing that you
called for calm knowing that you held a
totally peaceful rally twice in a row
knowing that you haven't instigated
violence or attacks against mosques but
watching as the entire world's media say
you have there's no evidence to it no
evidence at all they are putting me in
danger they're putting a Target on me
since then Somalians certain Somalians
have said they want to kill me there's
been me Muslims making videos with
machine guns all of them have been lied
to they resurrected a dead organization
of the English Defense League that
hasn't been around for a decade and they
told the entire British Muslim Community
they're on about misinformation they're
on about Prosecuting for people for
misinformation the British government
and its politicians and police forces
told the whole Muslim Community of the
UK that the English Defense League was
coming to attack their mosques there is
no English Defense League there hasn't
been for a decade the British public
were on the streets but what they've
successfully managed to do by labeling
everyone as far right by by putting an
ideological spin on the reason people
are angry they haven't once had to talk
about open B border Mass immigration
they haven't once even had to address
why people are angry it's just they're
angry because they're far right and
they're racist no yeah and they' they've
had a success it's it's a total
successful campaign by the government if
you look at what they've done there was
Rising on the streets of the UK and
rather than have to address one of those
issues the labor party not one of they
had to address what they've instead done
is turn it on the British public then
have show trials in order to intimidate
and silence the British public into
saying you do not get angry this has
been our January 6th moment and and and
right on the end of us having the most
successful cultural re Revolution
organization the country seen what
they've just they've just blocked it
totally blocked it used the mass media
use the politicians use their weapons to
totally deceive and lie
[Music]